Update tbx_conformance.rst (#15)
translate/terminator: docs/tbx_conformance.rst

  -- TBX is an approved ISO standard
* `Additional TBX resources <http://www.tbxconvert.gevterm.net/>`_

Read more about `TBX-Basic
<http://www.gala-global.org/oscarStandards/tbx/tbx-basic.html>`_ -- a simpler,

> reduced version of TBX with most of the useful features included. Use `TBXChecker

Author: ```suggestion
a reduced version of TBX with most of the useful features included. Use `TBXChecker
```

<http://sourceforge.net/projects/tbxutil/>`_ to check TBX file validity. Check the `TBXChecker explanation
<http://www.tbxconvert.gevterm.net/tbx_checker_explanation.html>`_.

.. _tbx_conformance#terminator_tbx_specification:

Terminator TBX specification
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> The original Terminator TBX support is derived from the Galician Free Software Translation Group `Proxecto Trasno <http://www.trasno.net/>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
The original Terminator TBX support is derived from the Galician Free Software 
Translation Group `Proxecto Trasno <http://www.trasno.net/>`_.
```

TBX stores the terminology data by grouping it in concepts. Within each concept, the data is stored using a three leve structure:

* concept level
* language level
* translation level (also called term level)

In concept level, data only belongs to the concept but not to any particular language.  
In language level, it data belongs to a given language but not to a particular term.  
In term level, data belongs to a given term.  

Below, you can see a diagram that depicts the level structure and how data belongs to each level:

.. image:: /_static/TBX_termEntry_structure.png

> Next, you can see a list of the items and the tag chosen for representing each item, telling the level where the tag belongs to:

Author: ```suggestion
Next, you can see a list of the items and the tag chosen for representing each 
item, showíng the level to which the tag belongs:
```

* **Glossary name:** the TBX file title is the glossary name, represented by the ``<title>`` label in the file header.

> * **Glossary description:** Terminator exports the glossary description inside a ``<p>`` tag enclosed in the ``<sourceDesc>`` tag in the file header.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Glossary description:** Terminator exports the glossary description inside a 
  ``<p>`` tag enclosed in the ``<sourceDesc>`` tag in the file header.
```

> * **Concept:** the ``<termEntry>`` tag from TBX standard represents a concept. The ``<termEntry>`` tag encloses the concept level.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Concept:** the ``<termEntry>`` tag from TBX standard represents a concept. 
  The ``<termEntry>`` tag encloses the concept level.
```

* **Related concepts:** the TBX standard suggest the use of the `<ref>` tag with

>   `type="crossReference"` having a `"target"` attribute whose value is the related concept ID. The text between the opening and closing `<ref>` tags is

Author: ```suggestion
  `type="crossReference"` having a `"target"` attribute whose value is the related concept ID.  
  The text between the opening and closing `<ref>` tags is
```
